Port ROS 2 Integration Tutorials to Fortress and Harmonic (#387)
gazebosim/docs: fortress/ros2_gazebo_integration_tutorial.md

> # ROS 2 and Gazebo Integration Tutorial

Reviewer: I only read the Fortress version of this file, but the Harmonic version should be updated for these comments too

Author: Updated Garden and Harmonic based on the comments

## Implementation

### Load robot description to the parameter server

Load the robot description file to set the `robot_description` parameter on the parameter server.

```python
    sdf_file  =  os.path.join(pkg_project_description, 'models', 'rrbot', 'model.sdf')
    with open(sdf_file, 'r') as infp:
        robot_desc = infp.read()
```

### Launch state publisher nodes

For publishing and controlling the robot pose, we need joint states of the robot.

![jsp](tutorials/ros2_integration/jsp_diagram.jpg)

1. The [`joint_state_publisher`](https://github.com/ros/joint_state_publisher) reads the `robot_description` parameter from the parameter server, finds all of the non-fixed joints and publishes a [JointState](https://docs.ros.org/en/api/sensor_msgs/html/msg/JointState.html) message with all those joints defined.
   ```python
    joint_state_publisher_gui = Node(
        package='joint_state_publisher_gui',
        executable='joint_state_publisher_gui',
        name='joint_state_publisher_gui',
        arguments=[sdf_file],
        output=['screen']
    )
    ```

> 2. Visualize in RViz and with the help of the `joint_state_publisher_gui`, configure your robot model.

Author: Added a phrase and screenshot of the gui

Configure a bridge between ROS topic `/joint_states` and Gazebo topic `/world/demo/model/diff_drive/joint_state` by adding remappings in the node setup or by creating a [bridge.yaml](https://github.com/gazebosim/ros_gz_project_template/blob/main/ros_gz_example_bringup/config/ros_gz_example_bridge.yaml):

```bash
- ros_topic_name: "/joint_states"
  ign_topic_name: "/world/demo/model/diff_drive/joint_state"
  ros_type_name: "sensor_msgs/msg/JointState"
  ign_type_name: "ign.msgs.Model"
```

Learn more about the bridge from [ROS 2 Integration](docs/fortress/ros2_integration).

### Maintaining a single robot description format

The main pain point of using existing simulation assets with ROS 2 tools was updating URDF files into a Gazebo-readable format. This is no longer required. If you are maintaining a URDF and an SDF file in a project, you can now drop the URDF and just use the SDF for both ROS and Gazebo.

This is made possible by `sdformat_urdf`, a parser plugin library that converts an SDF file to URDF C++ DOM structures, making it understandle by the ROS 2 ecosystem.

> Though there are some limitations of the plugin like not all SDFormat tags are compatible. For example, if you have any sensors attached to a joint, it won't be parsed. More details [here](https://github.com/ros/sdformat_urdf/tree/ros2/sdformat_urdf).

Reviewer: Sentence fragment
```suggestion
Although, there are some limitations of the plugin, like not all SDFormat tags are compatible. For example, if you have any sensors attached to a joint, it won't be parsed. More details [here](https://github.com/ros/sdformat_urdf/tree/ros2/sdformat_urdf).
```

To embed this functionality, we simply need to print the SDFormat file to the `/robot_description` ROS topic, and internally ROS will find a suitable parser, `sdformat_urdf` in this case, to read the file. This is already done while configuring the `robot_state_publisher` earlier.

### Run RViz and Gazebo

The second aim defined in [Setup](#Setup) is essentially maintaining only one robot description format which now can be controlled directly with Gazebo.
Using the SDFormat XML description of a robot, the simulator publishes model joint states.

> And `robot_state_publisher` handles turning those joint states into tfs which is used by RViz and other ROS tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And `robot_state_publisher` handles turning those joint states into `tf`s which is used by RViz and other ROS tools.
```
